You can not see this pink. Not good.
This camera can not capture it,
YouTube can not save it,
and the screen can not display it.
I am in the studio of artist Stuart Semple,
and he has made what he calls the most rosy pink.
I've been painting since I was five years old,
and I've seen a lot of pink.
And thousands and thousands of people have used the pink,
and no one has said that they have seen a rosier pink.
This stuff is really pink.
I have made the pinkest pink, the greenest green,
the most beautiful blue, and the yellowest yellow.
I also made the most glittery natural glitter of the world
and the matte, blackest art material in the world.
About a year and a half ago, a company called Surrey Nanosystems
announced that they had created Vantablack,
that was this really great blacker-than-the-blackest-black black
but they gave the exclusive rights to an artist named Anish Kapoor to use it,
and that annoyed many artists,
including me.
So I released my rosiest pink.
On the website I have posted a disclaimer, which states
that you are not Anish Kapoor, that you are not associated with Anish Kapoor.
Many people thought that was very funny
and a lot of people bought the pink,
unfortunately also Anish Kapoor, who managed to get it.
and then he dipped his finger in it
and put on Instagram that he had received the pink.
It was great on one side and frustrating on the other when he did,
because suddenly we got thousands and thousands of orders
and that resulted in staying four weeks long to make pink paint
and do nothing else.
and it took our entire life.
There are all kinds of complicated and clever ways that computers can store colors,
but by the time this video reaches your screen
it is actually just a series of numbers that say how clear
each of the red, green and blue pixels must be,
the small lights that make up your screen.
And unless you have a really chic, expensive screen,
these numbers run from 0 to 255 - that's eight ones in the binary system.
0 means turn the pixel off, 255 means clear as it can go.
That means that your screen can show around 16 million colors.
But those are not all colors.
And it is not this.
Because if I pointed this camera at the sun, you would not be blinded.
The numbers can not be over 255, I can not make your screen brighter than 100%.
And if I aim the camera at something very dark, the number can not be below 0.
I can not darken your screen than when it is turned off.
In the same way, there are colors that are so intense
that your screen can not display them, the pixels simply can not go red, green or blue enough.
And this is one of those colors.
There are huge libraries of pigments,
organic, inorganic, synthetic, tempered, natural,
and they've been unearthed since the year zero.
'Mummy brown' was made from crushed mummies.
So there is a huge database of pigments that you can order.
And you can play with them.
I have made mixtures of these pigments and binders,
something made, adjusted, and returned and got the connections well.
So it is actually quite a complicated drink.
In a few years time, technology will develop further.
It is already possible to buy expensive equipment with a wider color range,
and they would be able to display this pink.
But in the meantime, I can try and simulate what it looks like here.
In this recording, here, I digitally adjusted the saturation of this pink
so it is not that intense.
If I roll back the intensity now ...
Imagine that change, but more.
That is how pink this pink is.
It is very pink.
Thank you to Stuart Semple and the whole team of his studio:
open the description for more about them, their pigments, and this pink.
This is beautiful!
I can not believe how luminous this is.
I first thought "well, this does not do much, this is just some powder"
but then it happened!